Cryptography API docs (#3319)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/support/support-preview-features.md

| **Pluggable components** | Allows creating self-hosted gRPC-based components written in any language that supports gRPC. The following component APIs are supported: State stores, Pub/sub, Bindings | N/A | [Pluggable components concept]({{<ref "components-concept#pluggable-components" >}})| v1.9  |
| **Multi-App Run** | Configure multiple Dapr applications from a single configuration file and run from a single command | `dapr run -f` | [Multi-App Run]({{< ref multi-app-dapr-run.md >}}) | v1.10 |
| **Workflows** | Author workflows as code to automate and orchestrate tasks within your application, like messaging, state management, and failure handling | N/A | [Workflows concept]({{< ref "components-concept#workflows" >}})| v1.10  |

> | **Cryptography** | Encrypt or decrypt data without having to manage secrets keys  | N/A | [Cryptography concept]({{< ref "components-concept#cryptography" >}})| v1.11  |

Reviewer: As per discussion on Discord, we do not put Aplha APIs as preview features

Author: I opened a PR to add an Alpha API doc, so I added it there instead! It's breaking bc I linked to a doc that doesn't exist yet: https://github.com/dapr/docs/pull/3447

| **Pluggable components** | Allows creating self-hosted gRPC-based components written in any language that supports gRPC. The following component APIs are supported: State stores, Pub/sub, Bindings | N/A | [Pluggable components concept]({{<ref "components-concept#pluggable-components" >}})| v1.9  |
| **Multi-App Run** | Configure multiple Dapr applications from a single configuration file and run from a single command | `dapr run -f` | [Multi-App Run]({{< ref multi-app-dapr-run.md >}}) | v1.10 |
| **Workflows** | Author workflows as code to automate and orchestrate tasks within your application, like messaging, state management, and failure handling | N/A | [Workflows concept]({{< ref "components-concept#workflows" >}})| v1.10  |

> | **Crytpography** | leverage cryptography in a safe and consistent way. | N/A | [Cryptography concept]({{< ref "components-concept#cryptography" >}})| v1.11  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Cryptography** | Encrypt or decrypt data without having to manage secrets keys  | N/A | [Cryptography concept]({{< ref "components-concept#cryptography" >}})| v1.11  |
```
